DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then, out of nowhere
we were invaded by these mysterious, evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything!
Coredegon, Slycerak, Exostriker and Mandibor were their names,
and leading them was this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So, we fought back because no one is gonna take our freedom.
Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Got to give it your all
\u266a This is the final stand
\u266a The power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide on the inside \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan
My plan is finally coming together.
With each battle they fight against the Brawlers,
the power of the Nonets is growing immensely.
The time for the complete resurrection
of the Mechtogan is near.
But first, I must bring together the Nonets one more time.
The bond between Bakugan and humans is doomed.
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers in...
MARUCHO: Okay, everyone!
Listen up and pay attention!
We need to familiarize ourselves with the enemy.
Here's what I've managed to gather on the Nonets.
This is Pyrus Spatterix.
He's a vicious one!
You've got to keep an eye on him.
MARUCHO: And Subterra Stronk.
That dude reminds me of a bulldog.
Plus, he's as mean as he is dumb.
MARUCHO: There's Ventus Worton.
They call him \"professor.\"
He must be the brains of the bunch.
MARUCHO: Next is Aquos Balista.
Oh, this guy, now--
(Roxtor chattering)
What do you mean, zip it?
He's right. We don't need your commentary.
Oh, yeah?
Well, who the heck made you boss, Reptak?
Maybe the others find my insights useful.
They really don't, trust me.
Can we just focus, please?
Huh, fine, whatever!
I'll just keep my valuable intel to myself.
Uh, right.
Anyhow, these are Haos Tremblar, Darkus Betadron,
Darkus Kodokor and Darkus Mutabrid.
Also, there are the four Mechtogans,
starting with Coredegon, Slycerak,
Exostriker and Mandibor.
And of course, their puppet-master Wiseman,
and let's not forgot they've stolen the Battle Suits now,
Combustoid, Clawbruk and Fortatron.
So, that's the total number of potential opponents,
and the level of fire power we're facing.
We know what Wiseman's goal is, but what about the others?
Don't you remember what Betadron
and Mechtavius Destroyer told us?
For countless millennia, we've been locked away
in the far depths of the Doom Dimension
after having been banished there by your ancestor,
the original Dragonoid.
We may have broken the chains from our creator Bakugan,
but we will never be truly free
until we destroy every last living Bakugan!
Argh!
So, that's your evil plan, is it?
Why would they join forces if their goals are different?
Doesn't that seem odd to any of you guys?
It's a smart move on Wiseman's part.
Three groups of enemies with three goals
mean they fight three times as hard against us.
So, then, what do you think
brought them all together in the first place?
And there's still the question of our enemy's true identity.
Is he Gunz or Wiseman,
or are we dealing with a multiple personality?
Ah, this stinks.
There's way too many questions,
and there are not enough answers.
Well, we've never been the kind to sit around and wait.
Maybe it's time we surprised them!
If we knew where their hideout was,
we could totally ambush them!
Mm-hmm.
Sounds like a great plan,
but how would we even know where to start?
It's not like they've got a sign hanging out front.
(Roxtor shouting)
Oh, yeah, right.
We could map out everywhere he's appeared in town,
and see if there's a pattern that might give us any clues.
I was just about to say that before you interrupted!
(Whistling)
You rang, Master Shun?
What's up, boss?
We need you to help us on a recognizance mission,
gathering intelligence on Wiseman's whereabouts.
Will you help? Skytruss, Orbeum?
BOTH: Yes, sir!
We'll all go.
Hmm.
If we all split up, we should be able
to cover the entire city in no time at all.
WISEMAN: I know you're still angry
that I ended our last battle against the brawlers early
before we could claim victory,
but trust me, it was for the best.
And because of that, we are now entering the final stages
of my master plan to take down both Bakugan and Brawlers.
Remember, you have fought some intense battles
and despite never coming out victorious,
you still gained power
that will allow you to be hosts for the Mechtogan.
Why should we care?
Quite simply, because resurrecting them
and having them fight alongside of us
is the ultimate key to winning this.
What?!
Is he crazy?
I don't believe it.
(Growling)
I promise you all the day of reckoning is close at hand
for Drago and all of his Brawler friends.
MARUCHO: Just remember, guys,
make sure to ask people if they noticed anything strange
before they saw Wiseman appear.
We need all the info we can get.
Hmm, excuse me, ma'am?
Yes?
I was wondering if I could have a moment of your time?
Really, you sure?
Uh-uh.
Thank you. Sorry!
Nope, sorry, dude.
Uh, okay, thanks.
So? Have you had better luck than me?
Anyone you talk to seen anything of use?
No, not a single thing.
Huh?
Skytruss, watch out! Duck!
Whoa, ah, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hold on, I'm coming!
I'm not sure I like this plan to resurrect the Mechtogan.
Does no one else have a problem with it?
Why?
Did you forget what they did to Fury?
(Screaming)
What if they do the same to us?
It's definitely a possibility, I'm aware of that.
But I think we can all agree that it's worth the risk.
I still think we can take down the Brawlers without their help.
Maybe it's Wiseman holding us back.
Whatever the case, nothing has changed for us.
Failure means a return to the Doom Dimension.
So, we'll use Wiseman to help us
get our revenge against Drago,
and if others dare to cross us, then we'll destroy them, too.
It's time for us to go.
So, if we have no eyewitness information
that can lead us in the direction of his hideout,
what can we do?
Every time he teleports himself,
he must leave an atomic signature in the atmosphere.
Maybe there's a way we can see which ones are the strongest
and use that to reverse triangulate coordinates
back to his origin point.
That's not a bad idea.
Whoa!
Did you feel that?
Yes, the dimension field rippled.
Wiseman must be near.
Up there!
Let's go! Onto the next spot.
Right.
Wait a second.
What is it, Jaakor?
I'm picking up an urgent signal from Skytruss and Orbeum.
Huh?
Okay, roger that. We're on our way.
They've got a visual on Wiseman in the West Bay area.
Let's go!
Attention! Wiseman has been spotted in the West Bay area!
Everyone, head there immediately!
JAAKOR: Correction, he's now headed further up the inlet.
Please hurry, everyone!
\u266a
SHUN: Skytruss, Orbeum! Prepare for battle!
The time of the Mechtogan is near!
Huh?
There you are!
Good work, guys. Thank you, sensei.
Wiseman!
Good afternoon,
or at least it will be once I win this battle
and put you and your Bakugan down for good.
Oh, yeah?
This has gone on too long, wouldn't you say?
You bet!
So, let's quit talking and get on with it, okay?
Bakugan, brawl!
Baku Sky Raiders, jump!
Go, Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
(Groaning)
Baku Sky Raiders, jump!
Go, Haos Reptak!
Rise, Subterra Stronk and Pyrus Spatterix!
(Roaring)
Baku Sky Raiders, jump!
Go, Darkus Skytruss!
We've got your back, sensei.
Go, Darkus Orbeum!
Oh, yeah! Rowr!
(All growling)
Ugh!
Ha!
Baku Sky Raider, jump!
Go, Ventus Jaakor!
Argh!
MARUCHO: Bakugan, stand!
Go, Aquos Radizen!
Go, Subterra Roxtor!
(Squawking)
Ability activate!
Power Proniss!
(Rumbling)
(Squawking)
Deep Dive!
Ahhh!
Battle Suits, attack!
Combustoid, Clawbruk, Fortatron!
Go, Betadron, Kodokor, Mutabrid!
Grrr!
\u266a
(Cackling)
Argh!
Runo!
You got it.
I'm on it, Dan. Coordinates are locked.
Battle Suit Defendtrix, teleport to Drago.
Battle Suit Doomtronic, teleport to Reptak.
And Blasterate to Radizen.
\u266a
Huh.
Argh!
Oh, yeah!
You guys are connected.
Battle systems are powered up.
Synchro rate, 100%.
Open wide!
Argh!
Radizen, get in there and help!
I'm all over it.
Argh!
Mutabrid!
(Screaming)
Are you ready, pal?
You bet.
(All shouting)
Argh!
Grrrr!
It's time we combined, Balista.
Rowr!
Spatterix!
Yeah, yeah, I got it.
Bakugan, fuse!
(Roaring)
Bakugan, fuse.
(Stomping)
Victory will be ours.
Bakugan, unite!
Skytruss, Orbeum, let's go!
BOTH: Right!
Combine, ninjas!
Herculean power!
United ability, activate!
Supreme Rumble!
Prepare to taste defeat!
(Shouting)
Hey, watch it!
I'm on your side, remember?
Rowr!
Fusion ability activate!
Blast Blow!
Argh!
(Shouting)
One more!
Boost Blue!
(Shouting)
You can't run forever!
What?
Stay on him!
He's toast!
Argh!
Betadron, Kodokor, Mutabrid! Unite!
(Growling)
\u266a
Argh!
(Squawking)
They've combined.
You know what that means, guys!
Reptak, let's do this.
\u266a
BOTH: Bakugan, unite!
Argh!
Rowr!
Radizen, Roxtor!
You want us to combine too, boss?
(Roxtor yelping)
Okey smokey, hook it up!
Caw!
Bakugan, fuse!
\u266a
Aw, yeah! That's what I'm talking about!
Fusion ability, activate!
Mega Spendor!
End of the line!
Fusion ability, activate! Abyss Render.
I love the swirly action!
Huh?
No!
I am gonna crush you, Drago!
Huh?
United ability, activate!
...Panzer!
Whoa!
Yeah!
Yup, united ability, activate!
Army cannon!
(Roaring)
It's over.
Nothing is over until you pay for the suffering
your ancestors caused us!
That's all for now, Betadron.
What?
The power-up is now complete.
I thank you Nonets for your valued service,
but the Mechtogan can take it from here on in.
(Growling)
O wandering Mechtogan, descend!
And join us in battle so that we may destroy the enemy!
Whoa, that's some intense energy.
\u266a
Hmm.
Ha, finally.
It is good to be back.
I feel better than ever.
What's the hold-up?
Let's jump right into the action.
(Moaning)
Pathetic.
Ahhhhh!
Can't hold on...
Much longer!
Jaakor! Orbeum! Skytruss!
Prepare to suffer, fool!
Oh, snap!
(Shouting)
Oh, no! Radizen, Roxtor!
United ability, activate!
Flame Harvey cannon!
Argh!
You'll have to do better than that, boy!
Ability, activate!
Saber shield!
(Laughing)
(Groaning)
Ahhhhh!
Drago, you okay?
Hmm, not bad for a test run.
\u266a
Integrate, Mechtavius Destroyer!
(Roaring)
Yeah?
Two can play at that game.
Call him!
Dragonoid Destroyer!
Bakugan, brawl!
Are you ready, Drago?
Yup.
Bakugan, brawl!
Right on!
Jumping attack!
Ahhhhh!
Rowr!
Hold on, Jaakor!
Ability, activate!
Supreme Jet Shot!
Argh!
And I'll raise you a little Harvey Cannon.
Really? How disappointing.
I remember you as more challenging opponents.
What happened?
That shield is new.
Do you like it?
It requires a lot of energy to feed it,
but with it on,
your attacks feel like I'm being tickled with feathers.
Now, begone!
Arrrgh!
Ahhhh!
Jaakor!
Mechtavius Destroyer's just so much stronger than before.
We've still got some fight left, boss.
Put us back in the battle, please!
(Roxtor chattering)
See, even Roxtor agrees with me, so how about it?
I don't know.
Marucho, get out of the way!
Dragonoid Destroyer and I can handle this.
Attack!
Freeze Forward!
Engage again, don't stop!
Ha, bust down his shield!
(Grunting)
Don't you understand? This is pointless.
Listen to me, brother!
We are both Mechtogan.
We need neither the humans nor Bakugan.
Let us join to become the ultimate Mechtogan.
What is he doing?
You needn't be their slave anymore.
Break free and fight alongside your true family.
Come join us now.
Don't listen to him.
Yeah, he's nothing more than a lying creep!
Silence, you insolent fool!
Superior beings are trying to speak here.
I am a Mechtogan,
but one born from human and Bakugan alike.
My true families, and I am here to protect them.
What?
Not even your best lies could turn me against them.
Yeah, buddy!
Ahh!
If that's your response to my offer,
then I am truly disappointed.
It wasn't my first choice to destroy a fellow Mechtogan,
but unfortunately, you've left me with no alternative.
Drago!
Cross gear shield.
Say goodbye!
You'll never take me down!
Stay strong, buddy!
You can do this.
Mechtavius Destroyer's got nothing on you.
Sorry, my brothers.
He's too powerful!
I... can't... hold... on!
(Shouting in pain)
Whoa!
Dan! Drago!
Nice one, we took down their Mechtogan.
With him out of the way, we can crush the others.
What are we waiting for?
Let's take them down now.
As much as I would love to,
that last blast took everything we had.
We're going to need to recharge before such an attack.
But there's no reason we still can't have a bit of fun,
and inflict more anguish
upon these worthless insects that oppose us.
Listen up, Brawlers!
I'm giving you the time it will take us to recharge,
twelve hours, to destroy your own partner Bakugan.
If you do so, when we return we will only destroy you.
If you don't, we will wipe out the entire population of Earth.
So, the fate of the world is in your hands.
For the sake of its citizens, I hope you choose wisely.
Unbelievable!
You can't be serious!
We'll never do that, do you hear me?
We won't back down!
DAN: Bakugan City is gripped with panic
after Mechtavius Destroyer threatened to destroy everyone
if the Brawlers don't take out their own partner Bakugan,
and they're right to be scared
because that dude is packing some serious power!
Not only that, we don't have Dragonoid Destroyer
backing us up this time.
We've been left with an impossible decision to make.
I got to tell you,
the stress is nearly tearing the Brawlers apart.
I'm not sure what we're gonna do.
Maybe you should tune in to see if we make the right choice.
One thing's for sure,
I've never seen Shun's ninja calm shaken so badly.
So, you know you're in for some heavy action.
I just hope we make it out alive!
\u266a